Create new Admin Guide (#5033)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/administration.rst

Mattermost Administration Guide
===============================

This guide is for people who administer an existing Mattermost server. It’s divided into three parts:

* `The Basics <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administration.html#the-basics>`__ - An overview of standard configurations and features.

> * `Cloud Admin <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administration.html#cloud-admin>`__ - Detailed information about admin capabilities of Mattermost cloud workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Cloud Admin <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administration.html#cloud-admin>`__ - Detailed information about admin capabilities of Mattermost Cloud workspaces.
```

* **Configuration Overview** - Mattermost offers extensive configuration options for both :doc:`self-hosted Mattermost servers </configure/configuration-settings>` and :doc:`Mattermost cloud workspaces </configure/cloud-site-configuration>`.
* **Authentication** - All versions of Mattermost provide basic authentication, :doc:`multi-factor authentication </onboard/multi-factor-authentication>`, and :doc:`Gitlab SSO </onboard/sso-gitlab>` out of the box. Professional and Enterprise versions of Mattermost also include :doc:`Active Directory / LDAP </onboard/ad-ldap.md>` and SSO for :doc:`OpenID </onboard/sso-openidconnect>`, :doc:`Google </onboard/sso-google>`, and :doc:`Office365 </onboard/sso-office>`.
* **User Permissions** - All versions of Mattermost offer standard user permissions control. Professional and Enterprise versions also include :doc:`advanced permissions control </onboard/advanced-permissions>` to customize which users can perform specific actions, and :doc:`system admin roles </onboard/system-admin-roles>` to grant admins from your organization access to specific areas of the Mattermost System Console.

Cloud Admin
-----------

> This section of the guide is for administrators of Mattermost cloud workspaces. If you are the administrator for a self-hosted Mattermost server, please refer to the self-hosted section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the guide is for administrators of Mattermost Cloud workspaces. If you are the administrator for a self-hosted Mattermost server, please refer to the self-hosted section.
```

> This section of the guide is for administrators of Mattermost Cloud workspaces. If you are the administrator for a self-hosted Mattermost server, please refer to the self-hosted section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the guide is for admins of Mattermost Cloud workspaces. If you're the admin for a self-hosted Mattermost server, please refer to the self-hosted section.
```

Workspace Setup and Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Site Configuration </configure/cloud-site-configuration>
    SAML Single Sign-On </onboard/cloud-sso-saml>
    AD/LDAP Groups </onboard/cloud-groups>
    Guest Accounts </onboard/cloud-guest-accounts>
    Shared Channels </onboard/shared-channels>

> * :doc:`Site Configuration </configure/cloud-site-configuration>` - Setup and configure your Mattermost cloud workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Site Configuration </configure/cloud-site-configuration>` - Set up and configure your Mattermost Cloud workspace.
```

* :doc:`SAML Single Sign-On </onboard/cloud-sso-saml>` - Configure Mattermost to be a SAML 2.0 service provider. Refer to the :doc:`SAML reference documentation </onboard/cloud-sso-saml-technical>` for technical implementation details.
* :doc:`AD/LDAP Groups </onboard/cloud-groups>` - Sync AD/LDAP groups with Mattermost roles and teams.
* :doc:`Guest Accounts </onboard/cloud-guest-accounts>` - Create guest accounts to collaborate with individuals outside your organization.
* :doc:`Shared Channels </onboard/shared-channels>` - Connect channels from multiple Mattermost servers in a federated architecture.

Workspace Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Mattermost Cloud Billing </manage/cloud-billing>
    Statistics </manage/cloud-reporting>
    User Satisfaction Surveys </manage/cloud-user-satisfaction-surveys>
    Managing Team and Channel Members </manage/cloud-team-and-channel>

> * :doc:`Mattermost Cloud Billing </manage/cloud-billing>` - Set up and manage billing for your Mattermost cloud workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Mattermost Cloud Billing </manage/cloud-billing>` - Set up and manage billing for your Mattermost Cloud workspace.
```

* :doc:`Statistics </manage/cloud-reporting>` - Get statistics about Mattermost usage.
* :doc:`User Satisfaction Surveys </manage/cloud-user-satisfaction-surveys>` - Learn about Mattermost user satisfaction surveys and how to configure their operation.
* :doc:`Managing Team and Channel Members </manage/cloud-team-and-channel>` - Manage synchronization, moderation, and membership settings.

Workspace Compliance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Compliance Export </comply/cloud-compliance-export>
    Data Retention Policy </comply/cloud-data-retention-policy>
    Custom Terms of Service </comply/cloud-custom-terms-of-service>

* :doc:`Compliance Export </comply/cloud-compliance-export>` - Create compliance reports from the Mattermost System Console. 
* :doc:`Data Retention Policy </comply/cloud-data-retention-policy>` - Set custom data retention policies to manage how long Mattermost retains messages and file uploads.
* :doc:`Custom Terms of Service </comply/cloud-custom-terms-of-service>` - Define custom terms of service for users to accept before joining your Mattermost server.

Self-Hosted Admin
-----------------

> This section of the guide is for administrators of self-hosted Mattermost servers. If you are the administrator for a Mattermost cloud workspace, please refer to the cloud section of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the guide is for administrators of self-hosted Mattermost servers. If you are the administrator for a Mattermost Cloud workspace, please refer to the Cloud section of this page.
```

> This section of the guide is for administrators of self-hosted Mattermost servers. If you are the administrator for a Mattermost Cloud workspace, please refer to the Cloud section of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the guide is for admins of self-hosted Mattermost servers. If you're the admin for a Mattermost Cloud workspace, please refer to the Cloud section of this page.
```

> Self-Hosted Setup & Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-Hosted Setup and Configuration
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Initial Setup
"""""""""""""
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Configuration Overview </configure/configuration-settings>
    Custom Branding Tools </configure/custom-branding-tools>
    Customize Mattermost </configure/customizing-mattermost>
    SMTP Email Setup </configure/smtp-email>

> * :doc:`Configuration Overview </configure/configuration-settings>` - Setup and configure your Mattermost cloud workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Configuration Overview </configure/configuration-settings>` - Set up and configure your Mattermost Cloud workspace.
```

* :doc:`Custom Branding Tools </configure/custom-branding-tools>` - Change Mattermost branding, site name, and description. 
* :doc:`Customize Mattermost </configure/customizing-mattermost>` - Whitelabel the Mattermost server and apps.
* :doc:`SMTP Email Setup </configure/smtp-email>` - Connect to an email server to send emails for password resets and system notifications.

Advanced Configurations
"""""""""""""""""""""""
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Shared Channels </onboard/shared-channels>
    Store Mattermost Configuration in the Database </configure/configuation-in-mattermost-database>
    Email Templates </configure/email-templates>
    Configuring CloudFront to host Mattermost static assets </configure/configuring-cloudfront-to-host-mattermost-static-assets>
    Use an Outbound Proxy </configure/using-outbound-proxy>
    Chinese, Japanese, and Korean Search </configure/enabling-chinese-japanese-korean-search>

* :doc:`Shared Channels </onboard/shared-channels>` - Connect channels from multiple Mattermost servers in a federated architecture.

> * :doc:`Include Configuration in the Mattermost Database </configure/configuation-in-mattermost-database>` - Store Mattermost configuration information in your database rather than as a JSON file. We recommend this for high-availability environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Include Configuration in the Mattermost Database </configure/configuation-in-mattermost-database>` - Store Mattermost configuration information in your database rather than as a JSON file. We recommend this for High Availability environments.
```

* :doc:`User Satisfaction Surveys </manage/user-satisfaction-surveys>` - Learn about Mattermost user satisfaction surveys and how to configure their operation.
* :doc:`Health Check </manage/health-checks>` - Configure health probes for your Mattermost server.
* :doc:`Announcement Banner </manage/announcement-banner>` - Display notices to your users via an announcement banner.
* :doc:`Bulk Export Tool </manage/bulk-export-tool>` - Export user, team, channel, and post data from Mattermost.

Self-Hosted Compliance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    Electronic Discovery </comply/electronic-discovery>
    Compliance Export Beta </comply/compliance-export>
    Audit Log v2 (Experimental) </comply/audit-log>
    Data Retention Policy </comply/data-retention-policy>
    Custom Terms of Service (Beta) </comply/custom-terms-of-service>

* :doc:`Electronic Discovery </comply/electronic-discovery>` - Extract data from Mattermost for eDiscovery use in legal cases.
* :doc:`Compliance Export Beta </comply/compliance-export>` - Create compliance reports from the Mattermost System Console. 

> * :doc:`Audit Log v2 (Experimental) </comply/audit-log>` - Review a comprehensive list of events that occur on your Mattermost Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Audit Log v2 (Experimental) </comply/audit-log>` - Review a comprehensive list of events that occur on your Mattermost server.
```

Mattermost Administration Guide
===============================

This guide is for people who administer an existing Mattermost server. It’s divided into three parts:

> * `The Basics <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administration.html#the-basics>`__- An overview of standard configurations and features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `The Basics <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administration.html#the-basics>`__ - An overview of standard configurations and features.
```
